<br>

# **Art Kills ?**
<br>
Hello everyone, I'm back again with some couple of random thoughts I'm having in my mind right for some time now.
<br>
<span>Actually, if I'm given the license of writing down anything and a chance of getting away with it, I would've been writing everyday....believe me....but any sane person starts penning down all his thoughts just for the sake of sharing it's gonna be a tragic story. "I've run for 2 miles today, I must share this with the rest of the world.".....that's a random thought and you know, nothing sensational about it but on the other hand, if someone chooses to share the poetry they've written or some quotes they've came across, it's different. Like I write sometimes ( I'm not bragging but I love my writings ) about abstract feelings and psychological beliefs but at the end it always ends up nowhere. I really don't know the meaning of what I just said but yes, poetries and artforms don't make sense at all unless there are people with their beliefs and views and pain and miseries and sufferings start feeling the elements of the art in their own way. Scientifically, we can conclude that artform is dynamic. It changes form people to people and it changes people as well. Anyone can relate with it, feel it, be one with it, that's an artform without a doubt.
<br>
So, coming back to the topic of sharing, I tried to explain that sharing an artform is just like offering medication to a patient but you know that person will develop an addiction for the medicines instead. Well....yes....It's kind of complex to comprehend. Weather we are killing that person or helping that person to achieve nirvana ? and if you are asking me, I'd say introduce a certain type of artform, something that aligns with the interest of a certain person, that person will let that artform kill himself and way before our random head scratching thoughts , Charles Bukowski made this clear - "My Dear, Find what you love and let it kill you.." that's not all but let's just focus onto it.
<br>
When do you believe something is so precious to you? Well....when either that thing has got a certain materialistic value or that thing is emotionally very close to you. There is nothing to discuss about the first point. The second point though tells a lot about connections, non-materialistic values, something that is beyond measurement. Art is the same, you see something and you feel an irresistible urge to be one with it as if it has been written by the cosmos. Walking down an unknown road with a starry night above our head or maybe Monalisa standing in front of a sunflower filed or the famous 'Persistence of Memory' where the art style is contributed by Pablo Picasso......strange ? Just keep believing !!
<br>
I really wanted to write something regarding the tangled, random thoughts I was having. I let my pen speak for the people around us who see themselves as misfit. I can relate. I mean it's pretty obvious that someone who loves poems, abstract arts, smell of the soil after a heavy shower, sunsets, spending a windy night in the lap of the nature doing nothing but counting stars laying in a valley are not "sane" people, they are sick but no orthodoxically proven method of treatment can cure them. "Killing by Art...", I'd say. What do you think ?
<br>
<br>