<br>

# **Criminal Psychology in my words**
<br>
According to Google, the term Psychology is defined as - "the scientific study of the human mind and its functions, especially those affecting behaviour in a given context". 
<br>
How human mind works, how human minds can be manipulated, how emotions can play a big scientific role in it. If a person is committing a crime, why is he/she doing that ? Now that's the question everything starts from. Study of Behaviour is the key answer to that question. But that's not enough, right ? What is Study of Behaviour ? To know what is Study of Behaviour, we need to do a survey on human mind. We need to understand the pattern, how human mind actually thinks. Now, on this studying on human mind topic, there is a world-famous television series called 'Mindhunter'. Two FBI agents were questioning a serial killer but actually couldn't get  the motive out of him but then they thought that they might question him from the most probable point of view of how he(the killer) sees the world. In a nutshell, they were trying to understand what was going inside of his mind by just becoming him, theoretically.  
<br>
Now, studying mind is basically studying the profile. There is a term called 'Profiling' in Criminal psychology. Through the pattern of the crimes someone commit , criminal psychologists make a profile of that criminal which is basically used to apprehend suspects and this profile is just like a fingerprint, unique for each and every criminal. Not only by studying crime pattern , by visiting crime scene again and again, checking on some old articles about a criminal having this type of profile are really helpful. Circumstantial evidences , forensic study  gives a much more clear picture of the crime. Organized, continuous study of old case files for any missing link and researching , just make a complete picture of a Criminal Psychologist.  Profile also helps us understand about the mental stability of the criminal. Through several case studying psychologist try to understand that whether the crimes being committed are results of a stable mind or a totally unstable mind. Now, it's possible that the criminal is highly  skilled and hardly leaving any traces behind, then a complete profile might not actually possible as we don't have enough evidences. Then just by case studying ,we can add more points to the profile. But sometimes it seems impossible to find a point when the criminal is on a rampage and we still don't have anything to lure him/her out. We have already discussed that in order to know someone we need a profile of that person and that will disclose the behavior to some extent. Right ? Well, that's only true until the criminal changes it's pattern. Yes !! It sounds terrifying. With every new crime, he/she does something which he/she has never done before. As a sign of being victorious, it takes body parts of it's victim (Yes ! We are talking about real serial killers here). It's some kind of trophy to them. 
<br>
                    People living a happy life, had a happy past are not mentally sick, they won't commit anything, something that will hamper their happy living. Right ? But why am I telling this ? Because there was a survey in 2019, conducted by Public Health Wales and Bangor University, held in Her Majesty's (HM) Prison Parc in Bridgned, South Wales showed that more than 8 in 10 (84 percent) had experienced at least one Adverse Childhood Experience ( ACE). Nearly half of prisoners (46 per cent) reported they had experienced four or more ACE's. So, you can't expect a person had a horrible childhood, suffered physical and mental pain , be mentally stable. Each and every crime, committed today must be the outcome of something horrifying happened in the past. Nothing happens without a cause. Our government, the society we live in, the people we live among - Every one is  responsible somehow.
<br>
That's why , the field of Criminal Psychology is not only about studying the criminal mind, their behavior, interrogating them but also redirecting them to the right path of life. This field teaches us how to behave with someone like them so they can adopt the gesture. But unfortunately, many of them appear to be beyond recovery. For some of them, the things they did were actually happened accidentally or they just couldn't control themselves to do that. For some of them, it was artistic and beyond anyone's understanding and for some others, it was just fun. After all these confession isn't it pretty obvious that no matter how much we try, we can never reach to the deepest site of a criminal's mind. Can we ?
<br>
<br>