<br>

# **Strings of Music**
<br>

The way music connects dots is really fascinating, no ?? I mean imagine listening to a song at a certain point of your life, particularly a moment to be cherished in the future, a moment to be remembered for a long time, surprisingly makes it better and believe me....I've had plenty of experiences like that, haha !!
<br>
Those of you who are new here, a warm welcome and if you are having a question about who am I and what I'm going to write then for the first question...I'm someone who loves to share anything going inside my head and for the second one, I really don't have an answer !! "what the hell ?" , something like this have popped in your head or maybe worse ! But this is how I write, I start, I talk, I share....that's pretty much it ! So, bear with me till the end ( I'm not gonna say "please, bear with me...", sorry ).
<br>
Now, how this topic popped in my head ? <strong>"Strings of music"</strong>...hmmm...a catchy name, isn't it ? Well....I've experienced this thrice that how much impactful a song can be. Music has this such unique healing power to heal souls and believe me, I'm really grateful to music that I'm alive today. When I was in class III, I went on a trip with my parents. My first time leaving the state I live in, even though It was only for 14 days or something, I was feeling something different. I'm still laughing about the fact while writing this blog that, I had a hard time processing all of things were going on with me. Things like moving of a train at 100 km/h, how people really sleep inside of a train and many more ! Uncountable !! So like this gradually I kept on adapting skills of travelling and experiencing as a little traveller. Can you imagine when our bus was going through the darkness of the night and crossing valleys, I was humming something ( It was an evergreen Bollywood song and I'm 200% sure I was humming it so wrong that even my mother was giving me looks of pity time to time !! ). Now, when I close my eyes and listen to that song, I can still remember the road clearly !! How fascinating it is ! That particular line, that particular music takes me back to that night. Look, to be honest, I could barely feel what does it mean by travelling ( Another truly remarkable memory because due to the bus journey I was throwing up in intervals and yeah, it wasn't a fairytale after all and guess what, that song brings back my memories of vomiting like a champ in no time as if It was yesterday ! ) But, honestly speaking, that song made my journey of that day so special, cool mountain breeze infused with fog was just giving me chills, after all, all of it, I was experiencing for the very first time !
<br>
With time, when travelling every year with my family became more of a trend, I started adapting this strange skill of 'Memorizing places with songs'. I love mountains way more than I love sea so all of the visited places were hill stations and my love for mountains and music both are complementary to each other. I can still remember, it was 2015, we visited North Sikkim. Beautiful place, breathtaking sceneries. Our SUV was going 40km/h through a deserted road surrounded by cloud-clapped mountains and guess what, I was vomiting again. But one end of my ear phone was connected to my mother's mobile and the speakers were connected to my ears and a song was being playing called "So far away". That deserted road, a small hut that being left behind as our vehicle was speeding up, those cloud-clapped green mountains, that usual but magical breeze, I could literally remember all of it, I could literally feel all of it...just because of that one song. Look, I'm not giving every credit of making my tour memorable just because of that one song but songs do work like catalyst. It just becomes a part of our subconscious.
<br>
Coming to the next trip, this strange relationship of mine with music just got stronger and there were a couple of factors and the most influential one was my cousin, a music junkie ! This cousin of mine used to get high on music as if those are some kind of drugs and I was travelling with him so you people already can guess how was my experience at the end of the tour, I had 5-10 places and almost 2-3 songs and the lyrics and the instrumentals, guitar solos, drums sticked to my mind. That time, I discovered something. It might sound strange and I'm not sure how many of you can actually relate to what I'm going to say but songs make us mark things around us whenever we listen to them. Each and every element of natural beauty I savour, is just directly mapped to a lyric or an instrumental of a song. The way our brain process and maps a song and it's elementary blocks with the elements around us is truly fascinating. Be an observer for a long time, you'll see it clearly.
<br>
I really don't know many people can actually relate to whatever I've shared but It's something I find to be truly fascinating and an art form. When music gets infused with the memories, an emotional eruption happens and force us to worship this art form once again, consciously and unconsciously.
<br>
<br>